Hello, Ms. Lin.
Congratulations on passing the interview
Become the President's Secretary of Story Group
Yo Yo's mom found a job
So we can have extra dinner tonight
I want to eat a big bowl of snail noodles
What is snail powder?
Mom will add two more bombs to you.
Hello madam, hello young master
madam
This is the personal butler of the cloth house
This is the personal doctor of the cloth house
If the young master is uncomfortable
Tell us anytime. Hmm.
I see. Go on.
Son starts today
We are superior
Why does the baby catch a cold and have such a headache?
Mommy, I'm much better.
Today is your first day at work
Don't be late.
How can mother bear it
Leave you alone at home